feat(ecs-service-extensions): Publish Extension (#16326)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk-containers/ecs-service-extensions/README.md

- [AWS AppMesh](https://aws.amazon.com/app-mesh/) for adding your application to a service mesh
- [Application Load Balancer](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/introduction.html), for exposing your service to the public
- [AWS FireLens](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/using_firelens.html), for filtering and routing application logs

> - [Injecter Extension](#injecter-extension), for allowing your service to publish events to resources like SNS Topics

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
- [Injecter Extension](#injecter-extension), for allowing your service to connect to other AWS services by granting permission and injecting environment variables.
```

```

## Injecter Extension

> This service extension accepts a list of `Injectable` resources that the service can publish events or write data to and sets up the corresponding permissions for the service.

Reviewer: I wanna avoid saying publish events specifically in the first sentence. The `Injectable` interface can be implemented by various resource. But we can give an example with `InjectableTopic`.

```suggestion
This service extension accepts a list of `Injectable` resources that grants access to the resources and adds the necessary environment variables to the tasks part of the service.  

For example, an `InjectableTopic` is an SNS topic that grants permission to the task role and adds the topic name as an environment variable to the task definition.
```
feel free to change the wording!

}));
```

## Publish/Subscribe Service Pattern

The [Publish/Subscribe Service Pattern](https://aws.amazon.com/pub-sub-messaging/) is used for implementing asynchronous communication between services. It involves 'publisher' services emitting events to SNS Topics, which are passed to subscribed SQS queues and then consumed by 'worker' services. 

The following example adds the `InjecterExtension` to a `Publisher` Service which can publish events to an SNS Topic and adds the `QueueExtension` to a `Worker` Service which can poll its `eventsQueue` to consume messages populated by the topic.

> ```ts

Reviewer: Awesome example! 🤩

}));
```

## Publish/ Subscribe Service Pattern

The [Publish/ Subscribe Service Pattern](https://aws.amazon.com/pub-sub-messaging/) is used for implementing asynchronous communication between services. It involves 'publisher' services publishing events to SNS Topics which are then consumed by 'worker' services. 

The following example adds the `PublisherExtension` to a `Publisher` Service which can publish events to an SNS Topic and adds the `QueueExtension` to a `Worker` Service which can poll its `eventsQueue` to consume messages populated by the topic.

```ts
const pubServiceDescription = new ServiceDescription();

const myTopic = new PublisherTopic({
  topic: new sns.Topic(stack, 'myTopic'),
});

// Add the `PublisherExtension` to the service description to allow publishing events to `myTopic`
pubServiceDescription.add(new PublisherExtension({
  publishers: [myTopic],
}));

// Create the `Publisher` Service

> new Service(stack, 'Publisher', {

Author: Good point! It's more like a code snippet right now than a full use case but I think we should add that to make it clearer. Will do that in the next update!
